README.md, before:

# Product Icon Theme Samples

[Product icons themes](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/product-icon-theme) allow theme authors to customize the icons used in VS Code's built-in views: all icons except file icons (covered by file icon themes) and icons contributed by extensions.

This sample provides a product icon theme with icons used in VS Code 1.0.

The sample also contains a build script that creates the icon font from svg images.

## Demo

VSCode V1.0 Icons

![Sample VSCode 1.0](./demo.png)


## VS Code API

### Contribution Points

- [contributes.productIconThemes](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/contribution-points#contributes.productIconThemes)

## Running the sample

- Press `F5` to open a new window with your extension loaded.
- The extension development host window will automatically select the theme defined in the extension. To manually select a product icon theme, run the `Preferences: Product Icon Theme` command and select your theme.

## Make changes

To add or change icons in the icon font:

- add or change the svg icons to the `icons/` folder
- update the `build/updateFont.js` file to add the new icon names to list of icons
- run `npm run updateFont`
- run `npm run showFont` to open `theme/vscode-10.html` in a browser. The page shows the icons in the font.

To change the icon theme:

- modify `theme/v1-product-icon-theme.json` to associate font icons to VS Code icon IDs
- test the theme by running the extension (`F5`)
- changes to the product theme file are applied live in the extension development host window. No need to relaunch the extension.

Commit message:

added tests for gitlens method of making icons

README.md, after:

# Experiments with fonts

## Also contains stuff from the gitlens repo

To add new icons to the GL Icons font follow the steps below:

- Add new SVG icons to the `images/icons` folder
- Append entries for the new icons to the end of the `images/icons/template/mapping.json` file
  - Entries should be in the format of `<icon-file-name-without-extension>: <increment-last-number>`
- Optimize and build the icons by running the following from a terminal:

  ```
  yarn run icons:svgo
  yarn run build:icons

  ```

Once you've finshed copy the new `glicons.woff2?<uuid>` URL from `src/webviews/apps/shared/glicons.scss` and search and replace the old references with the new one.

# From vscode sample repo

[Product icons themes](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/product-icon-theme) allow theme authors to customize the icons used in VS Code's built-in views: all icons except file icons (covered by file icon themes) and icons contributed by extensions.

This sample provides a product icon theme with icons used in VS Code 1.0.

The sample also contains a build script that creates the icon font from svg images.

## Demo

VSCode V1.0 Icons

![Sample VSCode 1.0](./demo.png)

## Running the sample

- Press `F5` to open a new window with your extension loaded.
- The extension development host window will automatically select the theme defined in the extension. To manually select a product icon theme, run the `Preferences: Product Icon Theme` command and select your theme.

## Make changes

To add or change icons in the icon font:

- add or change the svg icons to the `icons/` folder
- update the `build/updateFont.js` file to add the new icon names to list of icons
- run `npm run updateFont`
- run `npm run showFont` to open `theme/vscode-10.html` in a browser. The page shows the icons in the font.

To change the icon theme:

- modify `theme/v1-product-icon-theme.json` to associate font icons to VS Code icon IDs
- test the theme by running the extension (`F5`)
- changes to the product theme file are applied live in the extension development host window. No need to relaunch the extension.
